README.md, before:

# Pioneer DDJ-SX2 MIDI Mapping for Mixxx

## Description 

based on hrudham's DDJ-SR mapping, with lots of modifications to make it work on the SX2.

use Mixxx v2.0 for this mapping.

## How do I use it?

if you just want to get your controller working with Mixxx without bothering about the details much, then do the following:

1. clone this repository, or download it as a zip.
2. copy `bin/PIONEER_DDJ-SX2.midi.xml` and `bin/PIONEER_DDJ-SX2-scripts.js` to `[Mixxx Directory]/controllers`. This will probably be one of the following locations:
    - Windows: `C:\Program Files\Mixxx\controllers`
    - Linux: `/usr/share/mixxx/controllers or /usr/local/share/mixxx/controllers`
    - OS X: `/Applications/Mixxx.app/Contents/Resources/controllers/`
3. make sure your Pioneer DDJ-SX2 is plugged in and turned on.
4. open (or restart) Mixxx, and enjoy using your (almost-fully-functional) controller

### Controller Setup

the DDJ-SX2 uses a sysex to go into serato mode, so we trick the controller into "this is Serato". no extra setup is involved. 

## What's implemented?

- crossfader
- deck
    - play/pause
    - volume
    - trim
    - equalizer
    - filter
    - cue
    - sync
    - needle search
    - headphone cue
    - tempo tap (seems like it is not working though)
    - grid adjust/slide/set
    - quantize
    - keylock
    - slip mode
    - tempo slider
    - loop functions (except slot select)
    - crossfader assign buttons
    - censor/reverse
    - tempo range
    - vinyl mode on/off
    - pads:
        - hot cue
        - roll
        - slicer!
        - sampler (LEDs and bank switching included)
        - cue loop
        - saved loop (uses hotcues as workaround)
        - slicer loop (maybe buggy)
        - velocity sampler
- jog wheels
    - scratching
    - pitch bend
    - skipping
- browser
  - selector
  - selector toggle
  - back button
  - view/area
  - load prepare
- load buttons
- panel select
- input select
- effects
    - since Mixxx uses a different effect framework, the effect panel wouldn't have worked properly, but i did it anyways
    - check out EFFECTS.md for instructions.
- crossfader curve (maybe buggy)
- sampler volume
- channel/cross fader start
- parameter 1 and 2

## What's missing?

- stop sample on velocity sampler

## What's not possible at all?

- slicer with different precisions
- flip
- track number, song and artist buttons
- grid clear

## I found a bug.

awesome! go to the "Issues" section, and create an issue.

## I want to help.

you can fork this repository, clone it, install this mapping, and modify it using Mixxx and your favorite text editor (don't use Notepad though, it does not recognize LF line endings). then copy the changes back to cloned repo, and commit.

make a pull request when done.

Commit message:

finish velocity sampler stop
almost everything done! whoop!

README.md, after:

# Pioneer DDJ-SX2 MIDI Mapping for Mixxx

## Description 

based on hrudham's DDJ-SR mapping, with lots of modifications to make it work on the SX2.

use Mixxx v2.0 for this mapping.

## How do I use it?

if you just want to get your controller working with Mixxx without bothering about the details much, then do the following:

1. clone this repository, or download it as a zip.
2. copy `bin/PIONEER_DDJ-SX2.midi.xml` and `bin/PIONEER_DDJ-SX2-scripts.js` to `[Mixxx Directory]/controllers`. This will probably be one of the following locations:
    - Windows: `C:\Program Files\Mixxx\controllers`
    - Linux: `/usr/share/mixxx/controllers or /usr/local/share/mixxx/controllers`
    - OS X: `/Applications/Mixxx.app/Contents/Resources/controllers/`
3. make sure your Pioneer DDJ-SX2 is plugged in and turned on.
4. open (or restart) Mixxx, and enjoy using your (almost-fully-functional) controller

### Controller Setup

the DDJ-SX2 uses a sysex to go into serato mode, so we trick the controller into "this is Serato". no extra setup is involved. 

## What's implemented?

- crossfader
- deck
    - play/pause
    - volume
    - trim
    - equalizer
    - filter
    - cue
    - sync
    - needle search
    - headphone cue
    - tempo tap (seems like it is not working though)
    - grid adjust/slide/set
    - quantize
    - keylock
    - slip mode
    - tempo slider
    - loop functions (except slot select)
    - crossfader assign buttons
    - censor/reverse
    - tempo range
    - vinyl mode on/off
    - pads:
        - hot cue
        - roll
        - slicer!
        - sampler
        - cue loop
        - saved loop (uses hotcues as workaround)
        - slicer loop (maybe buggy)
        - velocity sampler
        - sampler bank switching
          - to be expanded to 8 banks for Mixxx 2.1
- jog wheels
    - scratching
    - pitch bend
    - skipping
- browser
  - selector
  - selector toggle
  - back button
  - view/area
  - load prepare
- load buttons
- panel select
- input select
- effects
    - since Mixxx uses a different effect framework, the effect panel wouldn't have worked properly, but i did it anyways
    - check out EFFECTS.md for instructions.
- crossfader curve (maybe buggy)
- sampler volume
- channel/cross fader start
- parameter 1 and 2

## What's not possible at all?

- slicer with different precisions
- flip
- track number, song and artist buttons
- grid clear

## I found a bug.

awesome! go to the "Issues" section, and create an issue.

## I want to help.

you can fork this repository, clone it, install this mapping, and modify it using Mixxx and your favorite text editor (don't use Notepad though, it does not recognize LF line endings). then copy the changes back to cloned repo, and commit.

make a pull request when done.
